Hi.
We didn't this lecture we are going to see how to work with images inside of swift UI and in order to
do that.
I'm going to create a new file so that we will have different files to work with different kinds of
views.
So I'm going to create a new file and I'm going to choose swift UI view rather than cocoa touch glass
and swift file.
Okay so make sure you choose the swift UI view ads I'm going to name the second view.
OK.
And we're going to work inside of that view since we have our own preview.
It won't matter which we we're looking at.
So if I make a change over here then I can just see it on inside my preview as well.
And we got a crash so I believe this is kind of a buck.
So let me open it one more time and he'd resume to see the hallowed texts.
So when we create a new view we'd switch to iView.
It will just create the preview as well so that we will have separate previews for our separate files
like this.
OK.
So I'm going to work inside of that view and along with the images we're going to learn one of the hidden
features and a very powerful feature Ozzfest UI as well.
I'm going to show you what did this.
Don't worry I'm going to search for a metallic image as usual and I'm going to choose the first image
that we see and I'm going to download it.
OK.
So let me open my downloads and just named as a Metallica.
I'm going to bring this inside of our assets folder.
So here you go.
Now we can come over here and rather than having this text I'm going to say image.
So this is a new view for us.
This is not a UI image or this is not an image view.
This is an image.
And this is actually a view that we use inside of swift UI as you can see there are a lot of ways to
create images like a name with a UI image with this image.
But I'm going to go for a name because we already have our image.
I'm going to call this Metallica.
OK.
If we say resume right now it will bring in the image that we have downloaded.
Here you go.
Now we see the image but as you can see this is kind of big for our screen.
So I want to read size it and I want to see the full image inside of my screen.
So how do I do that.
If you don't know what to do when it comes to image or any other view you can always check the inspection
menu if you cannot find anything in here you can go to documentation to see further usage.
For example in here we'll all we just see the frame and we just see the padding and we're not interested
in them but rather we're looking for something called Re sizable.
OK.
So this literally makes our imagery sizable.
If we don't do that whatever we do will not matter and it won't resize.
First of all I'm going to make this very sizable.
OK.
So when you do that it will resize the image in a way that it will fill up all the screen like this.
So if you're satisfied with this view then it's OK but I'm not because it's not looking good.
So I'm going to change the content the aspect ratio.
OK.
So remember we had fit we had fill in terms of aspect ratio in our regular UI image view as well.
Now I'm going to do that inside of our image and I'm going to call aspect ratio and it will ask me for
a content mode and the content mode that I'm looking for.
Is that fit rather than feel OK if you say fill it will fill up all the screen like this and I'm not
looking for that I'm going to go for fit and it looks good.
Now if I'm satisfied with this Don it's good to go.
But what if I want to have more specific size.
Like what if I want to have a margin from the left from the right or from top and bottom as well.
Of course we can try to do that with padding but it won't work in every scenario.
OK.
So I want to have a good frame I want to have a specific frame regarding to this so if you click on
this image you will see this frame.
The blue lies covering up of our image.
So this is exactly the same thing as we have seen in the text.
But if you say that frame you can actually change the frame you can actually contain your image inside
of a frame.
So it will ask you for an alignment and we don't need that so I'm going to delete this.
So rather I'm going to work with width and height.
For example let's give two hundred and two hundred.
It will just reframe this.
So here you go it created a frame in the size of two hundred to two hundred.
And now our image is contained inside of that frame.
Now if I make this 300 it will be a little bit bigger.
Let's go for three hundred and fifty and for height.
Two hundred and fifty.
So it's good.
It's what I wanted.
All right.
So this looks good but this won't look good on any other screen so I'm inside of iPhone X are right
now.
What if I want to run this app on iPhone as E or something smaller actually iPhone AC is a lot smaller
compared to iPhone X are.
So how do I get responsive screen sizes inside swift UI.
Yes there is a way to do that and you cannot find this in any other tutorial at least for right now
regarding swift UI.
But this is a great feature of Swift.
You did that.
This is one of the reasons that people will move to swift UI in the coming years.
So this goes like this.
You have to go for UI screen in with K. and this will give us this screen as you can see this is associated
with the hard way.
Hardware best base display.
OK if you say you ice cream that's Maine you will get the main screen.
And if you say dots bounce you will get the actual screen size invert why that whatever or whichever
ever phone you're working with.
So if you say that that you will get the current width of your phone.
So if you're on X are we going to get the width for X are if we are on as E where you're going to get
the width for S E and for example I can just multiply it by 0 point 8 to get this a 80 percent of the
current.
That's I can't do the same for height as well.
Right.
So come over here and say UI screen.
That's main dot bounce and dots bounce dots height.
And this time let's go for something like or point three.
So here you go.
Now I have created this relative to the screen sizes so that's cool.
Now if I want to change this to iPhone AC for example if you come over here and choose one of the other
screen sizes it will try to change our layout to the whatever phone that we have chosen.
And here you go.
Now I'm inside of iPhone AC and it looks exactly the same as we have seen in the iPhone 6.
Ah now I am having some responsive design.
So this is cool.
So if I had these two hundred fifty two hundred fifty as static numbers over here then it wouldn't work
like this.
Now I'm seeing this inside of iPhone X are in the same proportions.
Now let's switch back.
Let's go for two hundred and fifty three hundred and fifty over here on two hundred and fifty over here.
So I will get the same in the iPhone X are about if I went back to iPhone as e you will see that this
won't work.
This won't even fit in the current screen because iPhone see is a lot smaller.
So we have to go like this UI screen that mean that bounce so that we will how the exact same look in
the iPhone X are and we will have the exact same look in the iPhone as e as well.
Previously developers chose to create their apps without means storyboards but inside of code like we
have seen in the layout in order to create this responsive screen sizes.
Now we can do that with swift UI as well and it's much better than ever before.
So that's one of the greatest power of so if you are.
And let's stop here and within the next lecture regroup to see some other news like lists and sections
and so much more.